Fix(dev-portal): Added info about KAA plugin (#2725)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/automate-api-catalog.md

      There are two exceptions when the underlying implementation should match the selected version:
      * With [Dev Portal app registration](/dev-portal/self-service/): If non-current versions have Route configurations that allow requests to specify the version in some way, each version must document how to modify the request to access the given version (for example, using a header). 
      * Without Dev Portal app registration: If the version can be accessed separately from other versions of the same API, each version must document how to modify the request to access the given version.

>   - q: What happens to the Service after I link the API?
>     a: |
>       After you link the API to a {{site.konnect_short_name}} Gateway Service, {{site.konnect_short_name}} updates that Service’s configuration. It enables Konnect Application Auth (KAA) on the linked Service and binds it to the Application Authentication strategy that you set for the API (Key Auth, OpenID Connect, or Dynamic Client Registration). 
>       KAA is configured in Dev Portal; not Gateway Manager. 
>       If you select a strategy before any Service is linked, {{site.konnect_short_name}} records that choice and applies it automatically when you link a Service. If you later unlink the Service, the same strategy applies to the next Service you link to that API. The plugin ID is `konnect-application-auth`.
>   - q: Can I remove {{site.konnect_short_name}} Application Auth (KAA) from a Service?
>     a: No. If you remove the API-to-Service association, the Service no longer follows the API’s application-auth strategy. Test requests to confirm the current behavior.
>   - q: How does {{site.konnect_short_name}} Application Auth (KAA) work with the steps on this page?
>     a: |
>       Our guide uses Konnect endpoints to create the API, attach a spec or a document, associate the API with a Service, and publish it. After you associate the API with the Service, the Service includes KAA and Dev Portal controls the strategy.
>       For example, when you create an API, add a spec or a document, then associate the API with a Gateway Service by calling `/v3/apis/{apiId}/implementations`. That association is the point after which the Service includes KAA. You then publish the API to the Dev Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - q: How does {{site.konnect_short_name}} manage authentication and authorization on Gateway Services that are linked to my APIs?
	    a: |
	      When a Gateway Service is linked to an API, {{site.konnect_short_name}} automatically adds the [{{site.konnect_short_name}} Application Auth (KAA) plugin](/dev-portal/apis/#allow-developers-to-consume-your-api) to your Service. The KAA plugin applies authentication and authorization to the Service. This is a {{site.konnect_short_name}}-managed plugin that you can't directly modify, you can only modify it by configuring JSON in the advanced configuration for your [application auth strategy](/dev-portal/auth-strategies/). 
```

      There are two exceptions when the underlying implementation should match the selected version:
      * With [Dev Portal app registration](/dev-portal/self-service/): If non-current versions have Route configurations that allow requests to specify the version in some way, each version must document how to modify the request to access the given version (for example, using a header). 
      * Without Dev Portal app registration: If the version can be accessed separately from other versions of the same API, each version must document how to modify the request to access the given version.

>      - q: How does {{site.konnect_short_name}} manage authentication and authorization on Gateway Services that are linked to my APIs?
> 	    a: |
> 	      When a Gateway Service is linked to an API, {{site.konnect_short_name}} automatically adds the [{{site.konnect_short_name}} Application Auth (KAA) plugin](/dev-portal/apis/#allow-developers-to-consume-your-api) to your Service. The KAA plugin applies authentication and authorization to the Service. This is a {{site.konnect_short_name}}-managed plugin that you can't directly modify, you can only modify it by configuring JSON in the advanced configuration for your [application auth strategy](/dev-portal/auth-strategies/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - q: How does {{site.konnect_short_name}} manage authentication and authorization on Gateway Services that are linked to my APIs?
    a: |
	    When a Gateway Service is linked to an API, {{site.konnect_short_name}} automatically adds the [{{site.konnect_short_name}} Application Auth (KAA) plugin](/dev-portal/apis/#allow-developers-to-consume-your-api) to your Service. The KAA plugin applies authentication and authorization to the Service. This is a {{site.konnect_short_name}}-managed plugin that you can't directly modify, you can only modify it by configuring JSON in the advanced configuration for your [application auth strategy](/dev-portal/auth-strategies/). 
```
